docs(development): clarify logging principles (#28162)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/development/best-practices.md

For `WARN`, `ERROR` and `FATAL` log messages use logger metadata.
Also use logger metadata the result is a complex metadata object needing a multiple-line pretty stringification.

> For `INFO`, `DEBUG` and `TRACE` log messages inline the metadata into the log message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `INFO` and `DEBUG` log messages inline the metadata into the log message where feasible.
```

It's rare to look at TRACE messages so we don't need to care how they are structured

> Also inline the metadata if the metadata object is complex.

Author: I do not understand this sentence. It sounds contradictory to `use logger metadata the result is a complex metadata object` for me.

Reviewer: Yes I think it should say something like "It is permissible to not inline metadata if it's complex, but also think first if so much data is necessary to be logged".

Also inline the metadata if the metadata object is complex.

`WARN`, `ERROR` and `FATAL` messages are often used in metrics or error catching services.

> These log messages should have a consistent `msg` component, so they can be automatically grouped or associated.

Author: I think static is more important than consistent here.

> Try to combine the metadata into the message, unless it's too complex to do so.

Author: This is also somewhat contradictory to what's stated above if it's meant to apply for all log levels.

Reviewer: Yes, please remove this sentence too
